# **Unity-Projects**<br />
**1.0	OVERVIEW, PURPOSE, PLANNING, AND IMPLEMENTATION**	<br />

**1.1 	OVERVIEW**<br />
Evil Tales is based on the 1980s classic game series called Super Mario. The primary objective of the game is to maneuver the Pustin Aowers through a series of increasingly difficult environments to survive the evil forces of Dr. Evil. The game demonstrates the basic content for a side-scrolling platformer; the player is able to move from  left to right of the screen in order to reach the checkpoint at the end of each level. The player will have utmost control in how they wish to accomplish each level and will be given no assistance in determining choices to achieve their desired goals.<br />

**1.2 	PURPOSE**<br />
The overall purpose of our game is to provide entertainment value and engage player creativity. Platformers relatively have basic game mechanics such as running, jumping, and double jumping to name a few. Yet, these mechanics throughout the span of the gameplay can grow repetitive or uninteresting for the player. Our goal is variability, with stages that can be approached through varying degrees of options. When we see platformers with one clear solution to a given level, we feel ourselves immediately losing interest. Monotony sets in when we realize that we are just doing the same thing we did a few levels earlier. This game will tackle that dilemma, we offer total replayability and a completely new experience each run for the player. <br />

**1.3 	STORY**<br />
The menacing psychopath Dr. Evil wants to take over the world and he needs his gems to finance his company Evil Corp. With his newfound ambition he plans to bring ultimate chaos among the inhabitants and in this era of total anarchy it will be an easy task nonetheless for a man of his insatiable hunger. But alas Dr. Evil has failed to realize yet again that he should not underestimate the courage and bravery shown by the oppressed as they rally behind a ray of light from the depths of darkness. With your help, prevent Dr. Evil from acquiring the necessary assets to finance Evil Corp and put a stop to his evil plans. Through your journey provide assistance for those in need and fend off clout chasing lunatics in hopes of reuniting the people and saving the world. <br />

**1.4	IMPLEMENTATION**<br />
Each entity will have a visual representation and a physical representation within the game. In cases of Enemy entities, they will have injected logic that defines how they behave in the world and interact with the player. For the case of Environmental entities they will be static, their physical representation is created once and will stay there with infinite mass. Entities will have collision mechanics with other entities but have no further additions. The design choice will attempt to match the classical look of previous Super Mario games to maintain nostalgia and will be extracted from various outside sources with caution to copyright claims. In order to fill the map we will need the help of a map editor. The tiled map editor will aid us with textures, effects, and meshes to create a map description fitting for the storyline. In addition, MelonJS Boilerplate will provide us with the necessary template to begin a foundation and test our data directories. 
